TEI                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
ab                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
abbr               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
abstract           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
accMat             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
acquisition        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
activity           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
actor              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
add                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
addName            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
addSpan            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
additional         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
additions          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
addrLine           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
address            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
adminInfo          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
affiliation        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
age                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
alt                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
altGrp             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
altIdent           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
altIdentifier      TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
alternate          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
am                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
analytic           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
anchor             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
annotation         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
annotationBlock    TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
anyElement         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
app                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
appInfo            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
application        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
arc                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
argument           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
artwork            editem-artworklist complex pure 
artwork            editem-letter      complex pure 
att                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
attDef             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
attList            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
attRef             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
author             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
authority          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
availability       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
back               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
bibl               TEI,editem-about,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
bibl               editem-artworklist         pure 
biblFull           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
biblScope          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
biblStruct         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
bicond             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
binary             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
binaryObject       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
binding            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
bindingDesc        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
birth              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
bloc               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
body               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
broadcast          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
byline             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
c                  TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
cRefPattern        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
caesura            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
calendar           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
calendarDesc       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
camera             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
caption            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
case               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
castGroup          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
castItem           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
castList           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
catDesc            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
catRef             TEI,editem-about,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
catRef             editem-artworklist         mixed
catchwords         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
category           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
cb                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
cell               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
certainty          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
change             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
channel            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
char               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
charDecl           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
choice             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
cit                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
citeData           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
citeStructure      TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
citedRange         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
cl                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
classCode          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
classDecl          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
classRef           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
classSpec          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
classes            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
climate            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
closer             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
code               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
collation          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
collection         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
colloc             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
colophon           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
cond               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
condition          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
constitution       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
constraint         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
constraintSpec     TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
content            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
conversion         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
corr               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
correction         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
correspAction      TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
correspContext     TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
correspDesc        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
country            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
creation           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
custEvent          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
custodialHist      TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
damage             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
damageSpan         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
dataFacet          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
dataRef            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
dataSpec           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
datatype           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
date               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
dateline           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
death              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
decoDesc           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
decoNote           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
def                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
default            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
defaultVal         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
del                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
delSpan            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
depth              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
derivation         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
desc               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
dictScrap          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
dim                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
dimensions         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
distinct           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
distributor        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
district           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
div                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
div1               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
div2               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
div3               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
div4               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
div5               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
div6               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
div7               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
divGen             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
docAuthor          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
docDate            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
docEdition         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
docImprint         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
docTitle           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
domain             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
eLeaf              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
eTree              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
edition            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
editionStmt        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
editor             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
editorialDecl      TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
education          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
eg                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
elementRef         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
elementSpec        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
ellipsis           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
email              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
emph               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
empty              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
encodingDesc       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
entry              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
entryFree          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
epigraph           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
epilogue           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
equipment          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
equiv              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
etym               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
event              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
eventName          editem-letter      complex mixed
ex                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
exemplum           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
expan              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
explicit           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
extent             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
f                  TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
fDecl              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
fDescr             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
fLib               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
facsimile          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
factuality         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
faith              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
figDesc            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
figure             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
fileDesc           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
filiation          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
finalRubric        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
floatingText       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
floruit            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
foliation          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
foreign            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
forename           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
forest             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
form               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
formula            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
front              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
fs                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
fsConstraints      TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
fsDecl             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
fsDescr            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
fsdDecl            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
fsdLink            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
funder             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
fvLib              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
fw                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
g                  TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
gap                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
gb                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
gen                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
genName            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
gender             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
geo                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
geoDecl            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
geogFeat           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
geogName           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
gi                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
gloss              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
glyph              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
gram               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
gramGrp            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
graph              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
graphic            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
group              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
handDesc           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
handNote           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
handNotes          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
handShift          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
head               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
headItem           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
headLabel          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
height             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
heraldry           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
hi                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
history            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
hom                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
hyph               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
hyphenation        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
iNode              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
iType              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
ident              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
idno               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
if                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
iff                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
imprimatur         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
imprint            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
incident           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
incipit            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
index              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
institution        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
interaction        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
interp             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
interpGrp          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
interpretation     TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
item               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
join               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
joinGrp            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
keywords           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
kinesic            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
l                  TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
label              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
lacunaEnd          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
lacunaStart        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
lang               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
langKnowledge      TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
langKnown          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
langUsage          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
language           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
layout             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
layoutDesc         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
lb                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
lbl                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
leaf               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
lem                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
lg                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
licence            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
line               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
link               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
linkGrp            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
list               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listAnnotation     TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listApp            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listBibl           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listChange         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listEvent          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listForest         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listNym            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listObject         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listOrg            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listPerson         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listPlace          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listPrefixDef      TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listRef            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listRelation       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listTranspose      TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
listWit            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
localProp          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
locale             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
location           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
locus              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
locusGrp           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
m                  TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
macroRef           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
macroSpec          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
mapping            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
material           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
measure            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
measureGrp         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
media              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
meeting            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
memberOf           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
mentioned          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
metDecl            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
metSym             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
metamark           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
milestone          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
mod                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
model              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
modelGrp           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
modelSequence      TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
moduleRef          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
moduleSpec         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
monogr             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
mood               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
move               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
msContents         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
msDesc             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
msFrag             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
msIdentifier       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
msItem             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
msItemStruct       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
msName             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
msPart             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
musicNotation      TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
name               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
nameLink           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
namespace          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
nationality        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
node               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
normalization      TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
notatedMusic       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
note               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
noteGrp            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
notesStmt          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
num                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
number             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
numeric            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
nym                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
oRef               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
object             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
objectDesc         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
objectIdentifier   TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
objectName         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
objectType         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
occupation         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
offset             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
opener             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
org                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
orgName            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
orig               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
origDate           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
origPlace          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
origin             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
orth               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
outputRendition    TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
p                  TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
pRef               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
param              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
paramList          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
paramSpec          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
particDesc         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
path               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
pause              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
pb                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
pc                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
per                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
performance        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
persName           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
persPronouns       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
person             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
personGrp          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
persona            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
phr                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
physDesc           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
place              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
placeName          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
population         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
pos                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
postBox            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
postCode           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
postscript         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
precision          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
prefixDef          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
preparedness       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
principal          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
profileDesc        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
projectDesc        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
prologue           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
pron               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
provenance         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
ptr                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
pubPlace           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
publicationStmt    TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
publisher          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
punctuation        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
purpose            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
q                  TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
quotation          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
quote              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
rb                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
rdg                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
rdgGrp             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
re                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
recordHist         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
recording          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
recordingStmt      TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
redo               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
ref                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
refState           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
refsDecl           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
reg                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
region             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
relatedItem        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
relation           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
remarks            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
rendition          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
repository         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
residence          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
resp               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
respStmt           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
respons            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
restore            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
retrace            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
revisionDesc       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
rhyme              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
role               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
roleDesc           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
roleName           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
root               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
row                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
rs                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
rt                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
rubric             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
ruby               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
s                  TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
said               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
salute             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
samplingDecl       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
schemaRef          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
schemaSpec         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
scriptDesc         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
scriptNote         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
scriptStmt         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
seal               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
sealDesc           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
secFol             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
secl               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
seg                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
segmentation       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
sense              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
sequence           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
series             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
seriesStmt         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
set                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
setting            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
settingDesc        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
settlement         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
sex                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
shift              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
sic                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
signatures         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
signed             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
soCalled           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
socecStatus        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
sound              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
source             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
sourceDesc         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
sourceDoc          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
sp                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
spGrp              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
space              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
span               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
spanGrp            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
speaker            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
specDesc           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
specGrp            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
specGrpRef         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
specList           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
sponsor            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
stage              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
stamp              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
standOff           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
state              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
stdVals            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
street             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
stress             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
string             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
styleDefDecl       TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
subc               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
subst              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
substJoin          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
summary            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
superEntry         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
supplied           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
support            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
supportDesc        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
surface            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
surfaceGrp         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
surname            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
surplus            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
surrogates         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
syll               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
symbol             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
table              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
tag                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
tagUsage           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
tagsDecl           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
taxonomy           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
tech               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
teiCorpus          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
teiHeader          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
term               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
terrain            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
text               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
textClass          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
textDesc           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
textLang           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
textNode           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
then               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
time               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
timeline           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
title              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
titlePage          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
titlePart          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
titleStmt          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
tns                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
trailer            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
trait              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
transcriptionDesc  TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
transpose          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
tree               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
triangle           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
typeDesc           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
typeNote           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
u                  TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
unclear            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
undo               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
unicodeProp        TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
unihanProp         TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
unit               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
unitDecl           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
unitDef            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
usg                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
vAlt               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
vColl              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
vDefault           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
vLabel             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
vMerge             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
vNot               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
vRange             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
val                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
valDesc            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
valItem            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
valList            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
variantEncoding    TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
view               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
vocal              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
w                  TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
watermark          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
when               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
width              TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
wit                TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
witDetail          TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
witEnd             TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
witStart           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex pure 
witness            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
writing            TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
xenoData           TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
xr                 TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
zone               TEI,editem-about,editem-artworklist,editem-bibliolist,editem-biolist,editem-letter complex mixed
